Update README.md (#190)
knurling-rs/probe-run: README.md

### 1. Set the Cargo runner

The recommend way to use `probe-run` is to set as the Cargo runner of your application.

> Add this line to your Cargo configuration (`.cargo/config`) file, adjusting for the particular `--chip` value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this line to your Cargo configuration file (.cargo/config) and adjust ${PROBE_RUN_CHIP} for the particular `--chip` value:
```

``` toml
[target.'cfg(all(target_arch = "arm", target_os = "none"))']

> runner = "probe-run --chip nRF52840_xxAA"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
runner = "probe-run --chip ${PROBE_RUN_CHIP}"
```
